Skip all hidden directories in ``CatalogRepository`` (#11667)
sphinx-doc/sphinx: CHANGES.rst

  Patch by Vinay Sajip.
* #11622: Ensure that the order of keys in ``searchindex.js`` is deterministic.
  Patch by Pietro Albini.

> * #11666: Fixed ignoring dot directories in ``CatalogRepository.pofiles``.
>   Patch by Aryaz Eghbali.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* #11666: Skip all hidden directories in ``CatalogRepository.pofiles``.
  Patch by Aryaz Eghbali.
```
